Update Log proxy instruction (#7444)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/proxy.md

    # Uncomment the following configuration for older HAProxy versions
    # server datadog agent-http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com:443 check port 443 ssl verify none

# backend datadog-logs
    # balance roundrobin
    # The following configuration is for HAProxy 1.8 and newer
    # server-template mothership 5 agent-intake.logs.datadoghq.com:10516 ssl verify required ca-file /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt check resolvers my-dns init-addr none resolve-prefer ipv4
    # Uncomment the following configuration for older HAProxy versions

>     # server datadog agent-intake.logs.datadoghq.com:10516 ssl verify required ca-file /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt check port 10516

Reviewer: Do we still need this? 

As it should now be a fully HTTPS example right?

Author: I removed it

    default_backend datadog-logs-http

# If sending logs with use_tcp: true
# frontend logs_frontend
#    bind *:10514
#    mode tcp
#    option tcplog

> #    default_backend datadog-logs

Reviewer: Do we still need this? 

As this page is made for HTTPS now so if i'm correct this is still the TCP section

Author: yes that's why I commented them, but I should just remove it.

Author: removed

    process_dd_url: http://haproxy.example.com:3836
```

> To send logs through the proxy, setup the following in the `datadog.yaml` file:

Reviewer: Should we merge with the above section to have a single one for process, apm and logs?

https://a.cl.ly/xQuW1Kwj

Author: done!

        proxy_ssl on;
        proxy_pass agent-http-intake.logs.datadoghq.eu:443;
    }
}
```

{{< /site-region >}}

#### Datadog Agent configuration

To use the Datadog Agent v6/7.16+ as the logs collector, instruct the Agent to use the newly created proxy instead of establishing a connection directly with the logs intake by updating `datadog.yaml`:

```yaml
logs_config:
  logs_no_ssl: true
  logs_dd_url: "<PROXY_SERVER_DOMAIN>:3837"
  use_http: true
```

> When choosing to send logs over TCP, refer to <a href="/agent/logs/proxy">TCP Proxy for Logs</a> page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sending logs over TCP, refer to <a href="/agent/logs/proxy">TCP Proxy for Logs</a> page.
```

> When choosing to send logs over TCP, refere to <a href="/agent/logs/proxy">TCP Proxy for Logs</a> page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When choosing to send logs over TCP, refer to <a href="/agent/logs/proxy">TCP Proxy for Logs</a> page.
```
